Add fishing game documentation (#36)
just-jane-inc/just-docs: src/content/docs/bahms/fishing.mdx

---
title: Fishing game
description: Introduction to fishing
---
import {Aside, LinkButton, Steps} from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

a cat girl needs her fish snack - nya

<Aside type="caution">
    The fishing game is in active development and the mechanics may change on a
    daily basis.
    Use this documentation with caution, as it may very well be out-of-date.
</Aside>

## Prerequisites

In order to play the fishing game, the player needs a rod.

<LinkButton href="/redeems/#test-rod-lvl-1" icon="right-arrow" iconPlacement="start">Test Rod LVL 1</LinkButton>

## How to play

<Steps>
    1. Meet all [prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    2. Use the [`!fish` command](/commands/#fishing)

>     3. See what fish you caught [on stream](https://www.twitch.tv/just__jane/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. See what fish you caught [in the stream](https://www.twitch.tv/just__jane/).
```

Capitalizing on the pun potential here.

</Steps>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Battle Phases

 To catch a fish, you must win against the fish across three challenges. Just like in real fishing. These steps will play out in real time before your very eyes.

<Steps>
    1. Lure: First and foremost, the lure must be alluring to the fish. Fish have varied taste and some fish are more cunning than others.
    2. Hook: An interested fish will take a bite, but it might escape the hook if it succeeds its saving though.
    3. Line: This is where the real battle begins. A test of strength and stamina occures until either the fish gets away, or you reel it in.
</Steps>

Complete all three steps and you got yourself a new fish! 

```

I thought it'd be nice to explain a bit more about the sequence they are seeing on the screen.

Author: I implemented a slightly tweaked version of this suggesion.
